Fixes #7767 - Updates about_Functions_Advanced_Parameters (#7793)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Functions_Advanced_Parameters.md

}
```

## ArgumentCompletions attribute

> The **ArgumentCompletions** attribute allows you to add tab completion values
> to a specific parameter. An **ArgumentCompletions** attribute must be defined
> for each parameter that needs tab completion. Similar to **ArgumentCompleter**,
> the specified values are available when the user presses <kbd>Tab</kbd> after
> the parameter name.
> 
> Unlike the **ArgumentCompleter** attribute which needs a scriptblock to define
> the options, the **ArgumentCompletions** attribute is similar to
> **ValidateSet** and only needs a list of string options to enable tab
> completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **ArgumentCompletions** attribute allows you to add tab completion values
to a specific parameter. An **ArgumentCompletions** attribute must be defined
for each parameter that needs tab completion. The **ArgumentCompletions**
attribute is similar to **ValidateSet**. Both attributes take a list of values
to be presented when the user presses <kbd>Tab</kbd> after the parameter name.
However, unlike **ValidateSet**, the values are not validated. Therefore the
user can supply any value, not just the values in the list. 

The **ArgumentCompletions** attribute should not be confused with the
**ArgumentCompleter** attribute, which needs a scriptblock to define the
options. the specified values are available 
```
